QUESTION 1
What are the main features of python?
1. Python code is easy to read and understand as it looks like simple english words.
2. Python has an extensive standard library available for anyone to use. This means that programmers
   don't have to write their code for every single thing.
3. It is interpreted- this means that the source code is executed line by line and not all at once.
4. Python supports both object-oriented and procedure-oriented programming.
5. It is dynamically typed: this means that in python, the type of variable can be decided during runtime.
6. White space is used to denote blocks in python unlike other languages that uses curly braces.

QUESTION 2
What is the difference between a list and a dictionary?
 A list is a variable that can store multiple items. List items are created in a square bracket.
 While a dictionary is a collection of key-value pair elements. They are created in a curly bracket.

QUESTION 3
In your own words, explain the keyword 'pass'
 The keyword pass is used when you want to declare an empty function

QUESTION 4
What is an iterator in python?
 An iterator ias an object that contains a countable number of values/elements that can be iterated upon.
 This means that you can transverse through all the elements of a collection and return one element at a time.
 Iterators are used in both for-loops and while loops.

QUESTION 5
What is unit testing?
 Unit testing is a software development process in which the smallest part of an application is individually and
 independently tested to ensure it satisfies their use case.

QUESTION 6
Of the available unit test framework in python, which is your favourite and why?
 Pytest is my favourite. This is because it is simple, compact and efficient. We only have to define the testing
 functions and assert th conditions inside them. We don't need to import any modules.

QUESTION 7
Name the types of arguments in python
1. Required arguments
2. Default arguments
3. Keyword arguments
4. Arbitrary arguments
5. Arbitrary keyword arguments

QUESTION 8
Explain what functions are
 Functions are reusable blocks of code that is executed when it is called or invoked from other parts of the
 program. A function can be assigned a variable, passed another function parameter and stored in a collection.

QUESTION 9
How do you create a class in python?
 A class in python is like an object constructor or a blueprint for creating objects that contains attributes
 and methods.
 To create a class, we use the keyword 'class':
 For example, we can have a class Animal with attributes like name, group etc and methods can be fly(), walk() etc.

QUESTION 10
Explain what Polymorphism and Inheritance are in python OOP
 Polymorphism in python OOP defines methods in the child class that have the same name as methods in the parent class
 but can perform different actions.
 This is mostly used in cases where the methods inherited from the parent class does not fit the child class.


 Inheritance in OOP is the capability of one class(child class) to derive or inherit attributes and methods from
 another class(parent class).
